docs: add guidance on avoiding catastrophic backtracking (#4667)
coreruleset/coreruleset: CONTRIBUTING.md

Possessive quantifiers (e.g., `x++`) and atomic groups (e.g., `(?>x)`) are tools that can be used to prevent a backtracking engine from backtracking. They _can_ be used for performance optimization but are only supported by backtracking engines and, therefore, are not permitted in CRS rules.

### Avoiding Catastrophic Backtracking (Ambiguity)

> Since CRS cannot use possessive quantifiers or atomic groups to bound backtracking, the only defense against catastrophic backtracking is to write expressions that are not ambiguous in the first place. The root cause of catastrophic backtracking is **ambiguity, not greediness**: it happens when a quantified group can match the same input in more than one way, and a later part of the expression fails to match. The engine is then forced to try every possible split before giving up. Switching greedy quantifiers to lazy ones does _not_ fix this — it only changes the order in which the splits are tried.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CRS cannot use possessive quantifiers (e.g., `++`, `?+`) or atomic groups (also known as possessive groups, e.g., `(?>ab|cd)`) to bound backtracking, because neither are supported by RE2. Therefore, the only defense against catastrophic backtracking is to write expressions that are not ambiguous in the first place. The root cause of catastrophic backtracking is **ambiguity, not greediness**: it happens when a quantified group (i.e., a group with a quantifier, e.g., `(?:...)+`) can match the same input in more than one way, and a later part of the expression fails to match. The engine is then forced to try every possible split before giving up. Switching greedy quantifiers to lazy ones (e.g., `+?` instead of `+`) does _not_ fix this — it only changes the order in which the splits are tried.
```

```

The de-ambiguated version uses the "unrolling-the-loop" form for block comments, so that whitespace inside a comment can only be consumed by the comment branch, and requires line comments to terminate at a line break (a `#` or `//` comment before `(` is only reachable across a newline):

```python
(?:\s|/\*[^*]*\*+(?:[^/*][^*]*\*+)*/|(?:#|//)[^\n\r]*[\n\r])*\(.*\)
```

The block-comment branch `/\*[^*]*\*+(?:[^/*][^*]*\*+)*/` is the "unrolling-the-loop" technique described by Jeffrey Friedl in [_Mastering Regular Expressions_](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/mastering-regular-expressions/0596528124/) (O'Reilly). It replaces the ambiguous `/\*.*\*/` with an equivalent that matches the comment body in exactly one way. Read part by part:

* `/\*` — the literal `/*` opener.
* `[^*]*` — a run of characters that are not `*` (the bulk of the comment body).
* `\*+` — one or more `*` (a candidate closer).
* `(?:[^/*][^*]*\*+)*` — zero or more repeats of: a character that is _neither_ `/` nor `*` (so the preceding `*`s were not the closer), then more non-`*` characters, then one or more `*` again.
* `/` — the literal `/` that finally closes the comment.

> Because every position is consumable by exactly one part, the engine never has two ways to match the same comment, so there is nothing to backtrack over. The general pattern — `START [^Q]* Q+ (?:[^EQ] [^Q]* Q+)* END`, where `Q` is the quote/terminator character — applies to any "delimited block" construct, not just C-style comments.

Reviewer: Explain what `E` is.
